[doc] Mention data consistency for categorical features. (#9678)
dmlc/xgboost: doc/tutorials/categorical.rst

For numerical data, the feature type can be ``"q"`` or ``"float"``, while for categorical
feature it's specified as ``"c"``.  The Dask module in XGBoost has the same interface so
:class:`dask.Array <dask.Array>` can also be used for categorical data. Lastly, the
sklearn interface :py:class:`~xgboost.XGBRegressor` has the same parameter.

****************
Data Consistency
****************

> XGBoost accepts parameters for which feature is considered categorical, either through the ``dtypes`` of a dataframe or through the ``feature_types`` parameter. However, XGBoost by itself doesn't store information on how categories are encoded in the first place. For instance, given an encoding schema that maps music genre to integer code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
XGBoost accepts parameters to indicate which feature is considered categorical, either through the ``dtypes`` of a dataframe or through the ``feature_types`` parameter. However, XGBoost by itself doesn't store information on how categories are encoded in the first place. For instance, given an encoding schema that maps music genres to integer codes:
```
